In celebratory memory of my beloved Mother
Mummy, (Iya Yemi as teasingly called), I am about taking a significant step in my life, andI wishyou were here to celebrate with me. As I stand here surrounded by family, friends, love andjoy, my heart overflows with gratitude for the incredible woman you were. You were the epitome of discipline, humilty, perseverance, service, dedication, honesty, boldness, strength and selflessness, always putting others before yourself. Your tireless workethic (in business and church) and unwavering dedication to our family were a constant sourceof inspiration and strength. Your listening ear, soft words and calm demeanor could sootheanyworry or concern. Your strength and resilience held our family together, and I am grateful for the values andloveyou instilled in me and my siblings alongside Daddy (Baba Yemi). Though you are no longer withus, your legacy lives on through me and my siblings, and we strive every day to make youproud. Quick gist for you as I always did: - Opeyemi is sill stubborn, I am dealing with him well. He is always in my budiness, so I
continued from where you stopped... Lol! Your boy has evolved into a full fledged caring, supportive, tenacious and energetic responsible man. He never backs down. Always says, thankGod for Mummy and daddy's training. - Akorede is indeed plentiful in good tidings, your boy didn't leave Agbala Itura o... your boy isnow an ambidextrous Pastor and doing wonders. Prospering on all sides at his God-ordainedpace. Kenny sadly left us 3 years after you did... it was so hurtful but, before her exit she was
graciously beautiful and industrious. Had the key to daddy's heart which I now added totheearlier key I had. Lol... - Daddy is finally taking steps to start a new life after 12 years of your exit. Thank you for
choosing him as our father. He outdid himself Mum. Baba Yemi is now so soft, not the chiefjudge he used to be. He embodied the role of a father and a mother all alone. - For me, Your Sha Sha... I am looking like you more and more by the day. Atimes, others lookat
me in amusement of how much I look like you especially when I relax my hair like you do. Well, you see that look is earning me alot from the boys you and Kenny left me with. Over the years, I have evolved into a moving force I honestly can not explain in words. But, I amsure you will be proud of me if you were alive. The mother, Father and siblings you handpickedand handed me over too can testify ... they are super proud of me. Let's talk about the
Anifiwoses... ooh! They are a blessing
- Mummy & Daddy Anifowose groomed your little girl into a woman of substances on all sides. Spiritually, emotionally, physiologically, financially and socially. Daddy Anifowose in AdditiontoBaba yemi set standards to guide my expectations from my ideal man. Mummy Anifowose(Saymama, mama-no-nonsense) she instilled morals with love and violence promax until morals, self esteem, ambition and purpose became a part of me. Jibola, Bisola, Damilola and Eniolaareamazing siblings money can not buy. They are doing excellently well too. In the course of life, I found myself, new set of parents. Just when the wind of life startedblowing and I could barely find my feet, I remembered what you always say: the church is asavehaven and Mummy Anifiwose's words as I approached adulthood: At cross roads when youneed to speak to a human outside me; speak only to a Godly Mother. Oh yes Mummy! I foundGodly parents in my local church where I got planted. They are Reverend Peter Ayo-Alabi andPastor Mrs Funlola Alabi. They did a great job in raising me to becoming a stronger believer. Well, Mummy, I never imagined this moment of my life with come in your absence. I missyousomuch every single day but as a big girl, I shake it off when the thoughts arises, reminisceandcherish the beautiful moments made with you. They are ever green in my head. Momentswehad during Christmas visits, early morning calls of almost 1 hour you do every morning whenI
am in transit to class in my early University days. Oh mummy! I miss having so many shadesof
pencil shaped skirts as omo Iya Tailor ... Lol!
Amazingly Mummy I am about to move into a new phase of my life with one of the best maninthe world. His name is Tolulope Michael Ojo, highly industrious, supportive, caring, selfless, intentional, creative, God fearing and Cuteeeeee. He makes me feel safe and bold to be me. Hebelieves in me and supports my dreams with all of his being. He is my best friend and wewill
make you proud. Mummy Anifowose have one of the best marriage I know and she alwaysblesses me that my marriage will be sweeter than hers. I am so positive about this prayer of
hers with the choice of partner I was prayerfully guided to make, with continuous intentional
effort and God as our foundation we will enjoy every phase of it without regrets. As I begin this new chapter in my life, I take comfort in knowing I made you proud!
Mummy, I love you more than words can express. Your memory will forever be cherishedinmyheart. Thank you for being my rock, my guiding light, and my everything. Till we meet again, keep resting while I keep smashing goals and making you proud
Cheers to You, Mummy
(I raise a glass/toast to you, Mummy, in celebration of your life and love)